Create contribution guide (#1)
openSUSE/obs_rails_template: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How Can I Contribute?

> You can contribute to the project basically by fixing bugs or by suggesting enhancements.

Reviewer: `basically` doesn't add much to the sentence, we should remove it.

```suggestion
You can contribute to the project by fixing bugs or by suggesting enhancements.
```

> ## Reporting bugs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reporting Bugs
```

> This section guides you through submitting a bug report for ObsRailsTemplate. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your report, reproduce the behaviour, and find related reports.

Author: I couldn't find a way to place "variables" that will get replaced with the final project name once this template is used to create a new project.

Reviewer: I also did a quick search and found no solution.

Before creating bug reports, please:
- **Check the [issues page](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_template/issues)** as you may find that you don't need to create one. If you find the issue already reported **and it is still open**, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.
- **Check the [mailing list](https://link-to-your-repositors-mailing-list)** to see if there is already a discussion going on.

To create a bug report, fill out the [required template](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_template/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=Bug_report.md), the information it asks for helps us resolve issues faster.

## Suggesting Enhancements

> This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion for ObsRailsTemplate, including completely new features and minor improvements to existing functionality. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your suggestion and find related suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion for ObsRailsTemplate, including completely new features and minor improvements to existing functionalities. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your suggestion and find related suggestions.
```

> Before creating enhancement suggestions, please check if there's already [an issue](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_templates/issues) which provides that enhancement.

Reviewer: `which provides` sounds a bit weird here, maybe `for` is better:

```suggestion
Before creating enhancement suggestions, please check if there's already [an issue](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_templates/issues) for that enhancement.
```

> When you are creating an enhancement suggestion, please [include as many details as possible](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_template/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion). Fill in [the template](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_template/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md), including the steps that you imagine you would take if the feature you're requesting existed.

Reviewer: Small typo:

```suggestion
When you are creating an enhancement suggestion, please [include as many details as possible](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_template/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion). Fill in [the template](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_template/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=feature_request.md), including the steps that you imagine you would taken if the feature you're requesting existed.
```

## Your First Code Contribution

Unsure where to begin contributing to ObsRailsTemplate? You can start by looking through these `beginner` and `help-wanted` issues:

- [Beginner issues](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_template/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+sort%3Acomments-desc) - issues which should only require a few lines of code, and a test or two.
- [Help wanted issues](https://github.com/openSUSE/obs_rails_template/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted+sort%3Acomments-desc) - issues which should be a bit more involved than `beginner` issues.

Both issue lists are sorted by total number of comments. While not perfect, number of comments is a reasonable proxy for impact a given change will have.

## Styleguides

Below are some style guides that may be useful in order to ensure your contribution to the project is accepted:

- [Example Git Commit Message styleguides](https://github.com/openSUSE/open-build-service/wiki/Commit-Style)
- [Example Programming Language styleguides](https://rubystyle.guide/)
- [Example Documentation styleguides](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/)

> ## Talk with us

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Talk with Us
```
